---
title: An Introduction in Generalized Weyl Poisson Algebras talk

event:  the 8th International Congress on Fundamental and Applied Sciences
event_url: http://icfas2021.intsa.org/index.html

location: Antalya, Turkey

----
summary: I gave a virtua short talk at the 8th International Congress on Fundamental and Applied Sciences, Antalya, Turkey, 19-21 October 2021.
abstract: "The concept of Poisson algebra is one of the most important concepts in mathematics that make a link between commutative and noncommutative algebra. The Poisson algebra D can be defined as an algebra over a field K with Poisson bracket {,} such that (D,{,}) is satisfying anti-commutative, Jacobi identity and Leibniz rule. In this talk, I will give the definition of Poisson algebra, talk about some related concepts of polynomial Poisson algebras and give some examples."
# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: 2021-10-20
#date_end: "2021-10-20T15:00:00Z"
all_day: true

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
#publishDate: "2021-10-01"

authors: []
tags: [GWPA]

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: true

image:
  caption: '[](https://unsplash.com/photos/bzdhc5b3Bxs)'
  focal_point: Right

links:
url_code: ""
url_pdf: "uploads/2.pdf"
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.


# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.

---
### Abstract:
The Generalized Weyl Poisson algebra $A=$[$X,Y;a,\partial$} can be defined as a $K$-algebra generated by a basic Poisson algebra $D$ over a field $K$, 
$2n$ indeterminates $X_1,X_2,\ldots,X_n,$ $Y_1,Y_2,\ldots,Y_n,$ $\partial=(\partial_1,\partial_2, \ldots, \partial_n)$  which is an  $n$-tuple commuting
Poisson derivations on $D$ and $a=(a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n)$ which is  an $n$-tuple elements in the Poisson centre of $D$ with subject to specific relations. 
In this talk, I will give the definition of the generalized Weyl Poisson algebra, I will talk about the existence, and I will give some definitions and examples 
related to generalized Weyl Poisson algebras.
### Event: 
[The 8th International Congress on Fundamental and Applied Sciences](http://icfas2021.intsa.org/index.html)

### Location:
Antalya Bilim Univeristy, Antalya, Turkey, 19-21 October 2021. 

 